created more extra deps (#4662)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4662.breaking.rst

Reduced the selection of packages installed by default.

> Now ``map`` and ``timeseries`` have dedicated extras that must be installed now to use them.

Reviewer: This wording seems quite scary for the breaking section of the changelog. I am not sure I have a concrete suggestion, but making it clear this shouldn't affect most users feels important.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reduced the selection of dependent packages installed by default via ``pip``, which means that some of our sub-packages will not fully import.
You can install all dependencies by specifying ``[all]``, or you can install sub-package-specific dependencies by specifying, e.g., ``[map]`` or ``[timeseries]``.
```
